you
hey guys I'm just mindlessly skating
around here are too much to explain the
point of this video is that I'd like to
do videos of games other than guitar
hero rock band and non like music games
although as you can hear I've got some
of my favorite music from the game
playing background I got rid of old rap
songs and anyway um yeah I'd like to do
other other games of in Victoria rock
band and 20 hawk series some of my
favorites I've got like 70 games and
about 62 of those who are completely
unmusical ated so if you want to see any
games other than guitar in a rock band
I'll be willing to post up videos for
them I might put up the full list of all
my games just see if there's anything
you're interested in like I said I
prefer to do these games these tony hawk
games then other games but i'm longing
to do whatever you want because your
people to watch my videos and your
people that I befriended through do too
so I'm willing to do what you want and
within reason that is don't fill or
making anymore comments on pause see I
finished that escaped from alcatraz goal
this morning on one memory card that
memory card I have completely for cheats
I have all cheats on at all times well
there's something that can't be on at
the same time but you know I need just
to see how funny it is to play and I've
got like a hundred and sixty-five pro
points on there which is pretty
ridiculous and then this one I'm doing
completely no cheats c-note
ah and just doing it the way I'm
supposed to the whole game I haven't
touched a walkthrough for any of them
there were a couple of your goals like
the one in San Francisco where you've
got a war the sea lions away from the
guy i figured out i do that so I'm up to
92 when I always started on this memory
card yesterday I think I'll just wrap
this up here